There are also designated car stalls in our village.
What kind of kindness do I have? Let’s go. That’s the dog friend who eats away from home.
They live in the same house as you. You all eat it.
Especially what. Especially good at hitting. From my pussy.
You can't run away this time. Do you really want to inform the village chief?
What a pity. People were beaten by me.
Red envelope ghost. Don't mess around. Going to the city,
Of course everyone knows. You're here to bully me, a widow.
Even more shameless. There is no one in the supplies around here.
Besides, my people are blocking you at every intersection.
No one dares to come close. Just call me.
Even if you call Pohou Long, no one will come to save you.